README.md, before:

This repository contains my Google Earth Engine code to analyse past and future climate trends using a battery of biophysical measures from public datasets. Annual and seasonal trends are calculated separately.

This was my work as part of climate analysis towards Green Climate Fund (GCF) and Global Environment Facility (GEF) proposals for Uganda and South Sudan, led by [Dr. R.S. Bhalla](www.feralindia.org/user/75), team leader for United Nations Development Program (UNDP) consultant team.

The datasets used are:
* [FLDAS](https://developers.google.com/earth-engine/datasets/catalog/NASA_FLDAS_NOAH01_C_GL_M_V001)
* [TerraClimate](https://developers.google.com/earth-engine/datasets/catalog/IDAHO_EPSCOR_TERRACLIMATE)
* [GLDAS 2.1](https://developers.google.com/earth-engine/datasets/catalog/NASA_GLDAS_V021_NOAH_G025_T3H)
* [CHIRPS (daily)](https://developers.google.com/earth-engine/datasets/catalog/UCSB-CHG_CHIRPS_DAILY)
* [MODIS ocean colour SMI](https://developers.google.com/earth-engine/datasets/catalog/NASA_OCEANDATA_MODIS-Aqua_L3SMI)
* [NEX-GDDP](https://developers.google.com/earth-engine/datasets/catalog/NASA_NEX-GDDP)

This work is shared, with permission, on a [CC BY-NC-SA 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/) basis. Thanks Dr. Bhalla!

Commit message:

Add links to GitLab repos this fed into

README.md, after:

This repository contains my Google Earth Engine code to analyse past and future climate trends using a battery of biophysical measures from public datasets. Annual and seasonal trends are calculated separately.

This was my work as part of climate analysis towards Green Climate Fund (GCF) and Global Environment Facility (GEF) proposals for Uganda and South Sudan, led by [Dr. R.S. Bhalla](www.feralindia.org/user/75), team leader for United Nations Development Program (UNDP) consultant team. See [here](https://gitlab.com/rsbhalla/beucips) and [here](https://gitlab.com/rsbhalla/wacral) for repos on additional analysis this work was part of.

The datasets used are:
* [FLDAS](https://developers.google.com/earth-engine/datasets/catalog/NASA_FLDAS_NOAH01_C_GL_M_V001)
* [TerraClimate](https://developers.google.com/earth-engine/datasets/catalog/IDAHO_EPSCOR_TERRACLIMATE)
* [GLDAS 2.1](https://developers.google.com/earth-engine/datasets/catalog/NASA_GLDAS_V021_NOAH_G025_T3H)
* [CHIRPS (daily)](https://developers.google.com/earth-engine/datasets/catalog/UCSB-CHG_CHIRPS_DAILY)
* [MODIS ocean colour SMI](https://developers.google.com/earth-engine/datasets/catalog/NASA_OCEANDATA_MODIS-Aqua_L3SMI)
* [NEX-GDDP](https://developers.google.com/earth-engine/datasets/catalog/NASA_NEX-GDDP)

This work is shared, with permission, on a [CC BY-NC-SA 3.0](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-nc-sa/3.0/) basis. Thanks Dr. Bhalla!
